Name: SONALI CHAUHAN Student ID: 102836414

Checklist of Tasks Completion (please tick each one as appropriate)

Comment and readme file YES
Task 1: YES  
Task 2.1 YES  
Task 2.2 YES  
Task 2.3 YES 
Task 2.4 YES 
Task 3.1 YES  
Task 3.2 YES  
Task 3.3 YES 
Task 3.4 YES
Task 3.5 Partially 
Task 4.1 YES
Task 4.2 YES
Task 4.3 YES
Task 4.4 YES
Task 4.5 YES
Task 4.6 NO
Task 4.7 Partially
Task 5.1 YES
Task 5.2 NO
Task 5.3 Partially


NOT WORKING /Defects / Uncompleted tasks:

Task 3.5 Logout partially working. On clicking the logout link the logout page is displayed and session is destroyed but manager id is not printed. 
	 I don't understand how to display manager id in html page using php/javascript it is too complicated. 
 
Task 4.6 confirm/cancel buttons are display but confirm and cancel functionality is not working. I cannot find a solution on how to parse data of xml
	 stored in a session cart. so if i am able to access xml file from session i can do foreach loop and get data and update it.

Task 5.2 Cannot perform this process functionality because it is dependent on task 4.6.

Task 4.7 Logout partially working. On clicking the logout link the logout page is displayed and session is destroyed but cutomer id is not printed. 
	 I don't understand how to display customer id in html page using php. 
	 The cancel button is not working. I cannot understand how to use temporary xml cart to do cancel and confirm. 

Task 5.3 Logout partially working. On clicking the logout link the logout page is displayed and session is destroyed but manager id is not printed. 
	 I don't understand how to display manager id in html page using php.

Comment: 1) The system is little slow as it is running xml and php one after another so please wait for the onclick event to execute.
	2) When accesing the manager login please wait till the loading..... sign/message appears after successful login, which will then load the buying
	 page. Just a new functionality I added.
	3) Alerting responsexml as well as responsetext to display details.
